h3. Install

Install gvm:

<code>
bash < <(curl -s -S -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/moovweb/gvm/master/binscripts/gvm-installer)
</code>

To list all Go versions available for download:

<code>
gvm listall
</code>

Install Go:

<code>
gvm install go1.1.2
</code>
<code>
gvm use go1.1.2 [--default]
</code>

Once this is done Go will be in the path and ready to use. $GOROOT and $GOPATH are set automatically

h3. Build

<code>
export GOPATH=[...]/git/epaxos/
</code>
<code>
go install master
</code>
<code>
go install server
</code>
<code>
go install client
</code>

h3. Usage

<pre>
Usage of bin/server:
  -addr="": Server address (this machine). Defaults to localhost.
  -beacon=false: Send beacons to other replicas to compare their relative speeds.
  -cpuprofile="": write cpu profile to file
  -dreply=false: Reply to client only after command has been executed.
  -durable=false: Log to a stable store (i.e., a file in the current dir).
  -e=false: Use EPaxos as the replication protocol. Defaults to false.
  -exec=false: Execute commands.
  -g=false: Use Generalized Paxos as the replication protocol. Defaults to false.
  -m=false: Use Mencius as the replication protocol. Defaults to false.
  -maddr="": Master address. Defaults to localhost.
  -mport=7087: Master port.  Defaults to 7087.
  -p=2: GOMAXPROCS. Defaults to 2
  -port=7070: Port # to listen on. Defaults to 7070
  -thrifty=false: Use only as many messages as strictly required for inter-replica communication.
</pre>

<pre>
Usage of bin/master:
  -N=3: Number of replicas. Defaults to 3.
  -port=7087: Port # to listen on. Defaults to 7087
</pre>

<pre>
Usage of bin/client:
  -c=-1: Percentage of conflicts. Defaults to 0%
  -check=false: Check that every expected reply was received exactly once.
  -e=false: Egalitarian (no leader). Defaults to false.
  -eps=0: Send eps more messages per round than the client will wait for (to discount stragglers). Defaults to 0.
  -f=false: Fast Paxos: send message directly to all replicas. Defaults to false.
  -maddr="": Master address. Defaults to localhost
  -mport=7087: Master port.  Defaults to 7077.
  -p=2: GOMAXPROCS. Defaults to 2
  -q=5000: Total number of requests. Defaults to 5000.
  -r=1: Split the total number of requests into this many rounds, and do rounds sequentially. Defaults to 1.
  -s=2: Zipfian s parameter
  -v=1: Zipfian v parameter
  -w=100: Percentage of updates (writes). Defaults to 100%.
</pre>

h3. Example

<code>
bin/master -N 3
</code>
<code>
bin/server -addr 10.22.1.2 -maddr 10.22.1.1
</code>
<code>
bin/server -addr 10.22.1.3 -maddr 10.22.1.1
</code>
<code>
bin/server -addr 10.22.1.4 -maddr 10.22.1.1
</code>
<code>
bin/client -maddr 10.22.1.1
</code>
